Add link to modernizing code discussion in CONTRIBUTING.md (#9032)
PrairieLearn/PrairieLearn: CONTRIBUTING.md

The aforementioned setup documentation also includes instructions on starting a server, running tests, and running the linters.

> The [dev guide](./docs/dev-guide.md) is currently quite long and dense, but it contains a lot of information about our preferences, conventions, and code structure. Also note that there has been a push to update existing code to use a more standard set of tools, you can find some guidelines in [this Discussion post](https://github.com/PrairieLearn/PrairieLearn/discussions/8874).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The [dev guide](./docs/dev-guide.md) is currently quite long and dense, but it contains a lot of information about our preferences, conventions, and code structure. Also note that there has been a push to update existing code to use a new set of patterns and best practices, you can find some guidelines in [this Discussion post](https://github.com/PrairieLearn/PrairieLearn/discussions/8874).
```
